Home
----

Headvances

Headvances is a software services company founded in Vietnam. We provide a
wide range of services involving on the various web technologies. With more
than 5 years of experiences in web development, We provide the best services
and products to the customer.

Data Mining

Headvances provides web mining, text mining and data extraction services. We
took more than 5 years to develop our web mining and crawling technologies.
These allow you to easily and quickly extract website informations, classify
and store the results in different formats such xml, text, csv.

Consulting And Services

Headvances also provides outsourcing and consulting service in various web
technologies. With the low labor cost in Vietnam and our expertise in the web
development, we develop very sophiticated and high quality products with the
minimum cost.

Product
-------

At Headvances, customer's satisfaction is our highest priority. We constantly
build upon the research and develop new products that deliver the best
possible services to our customer. Below is our complete list of products and
services.

Vertical Search Engine

Many people find that general search engines like Google, Yahoo are not the
be-all and end-all for their web searches. That's because general search
engines are cluttered with all the information that's fit to index, so many
queries bring irrelevant results.

Our vertical search engine is an enterprise class product. It is built upon
the powerful and well-known open source technologies such lucene, hadoop,
springframework...

The Product Features:

* An automated and customizable web crawler.
* Index and update the data in one hour.
* Detect and cluster the duplicated data automatically.
* Scale up to hundred millions of webpages.
* A ready vertical search engine for classifieds, products, jobs and news.

Consulting And Services

Our services include crawling the internet to identify content of interest,
extracting structured data from unstructured text on web pages, building
search indexes over structured data, and powering vertical search engine
applications which access topic-specific search indexes.

Our Services:

* Gathering website data and converting them into Excel spreadsheets, xml, text formats.
* Adding new features or writing a plugin to our existing applications.
* Customize the vertical search engine
* Integrate our crawler/search engine with customer software

About
-----

HEADVANCES CO. LTD was created in 2007 to provide consulting and outsourcing
services.

Headvances's team has a strong background in research and web development. In
the past, we have built the popular eXoPlatform project that deals with many
other open source project such lucene, hibernate, groovy, tomcat, jboss,
hadoop and many lastest java technology such JSF, JSR 168, JSR 170.

We also have expertise in large scale web crawling, natural language
processing, document classification, and data mining. Our state of the art web
crawler and data mining technology allow customers quickly extract and convert
the unstructured web to a structured data collection.

Headvances is a privately-held company located in Hanoi, Vietnam.

Tuan Nguyen

Tuan Nguyen, CEO and the founder of Headvances, has an extensive background in
the software development and expertise in many popular open source
technologies. Before founding Headvances, he works for a startup company in
Sillicon Valley and later co-founded the eXo Platform project and eXoPlatform
SAS

Tuan holds a bachelor's degree in Computer Science from Concordia University
in Canada.

Contacts Us

HEADVANCES CO. LTD
186 Truong Dinh, Hanoi, Vietnam
email: info@headvances.com


Others
------

Extraction: Crawling often meant, not just web crawling but extraction of
structured data from web pages. Thus, our product is not just about crawling
but heavily focused on extraction. The extraction can be either site specific
or more general predefined schema oriented extraction.

Clean Data: Even if data is extracted correctly from web pages, the data may
not be readily consumable. It may require further transformation(eg from
geo-location to zip code etc), or filtering undesired data, removing duplicate
records etc. In a nutshell, what one need is clean data the way they want it.
For this specific reason, Datoin platform allows one to plug in any desired
component in the crawling pipeline.

Analysis: Once the clean data is available, in some cases it needs further
analysis. Going one step ahead Datoin offers the flexibility of adding many
other components to perform classification, clustering, aggregation and any
other analysis required.  

Hosting: Apart from crawling and extraction, what matters to some people is
that where the crawler hosted. We offer both managed hosting service and
on-premise/private-cloud solutions.

Control: Majority of the use cases of crawling is not a one-time activity. It
may be scheduled or continuously crawled to get fresh data. We provide that
too!

Export: One should have a say in the format of data(such as JSON, XML, CSV
etc) they need, how it should be consumed(eg: download v/s REST API) or can it
be directly exported data stores like Mongo, Postgres etc, cloud storages like
AWS S3, Google cloud storage, search indices like Solr and Elastic using web
hooks?
